being a puppy ball pup leads Jake's
strength skill and training not just
house training welcome to Puppy Bowl 14
training camp with team ruff and team
fluff sponsored by pedigree official
sponsor of pup leaks everywhere do you
guys want to make it to the Puppy Bowl
Hall of Fame eat is sit and stay in the
gym yeah that's right today we're going
from their bluff
to buff we're gonna do some circuit
training which means we're gonna be
cycling you guys then do a bunch of
exercises bring it in other pups bring
it in the whole team in shape right now
let's get going all right let's get on
it's good to work come on guys warm it
up come on
[Music]
no sniffs ands or buts let's keep going
ah loosen up loosen up guys gotta get
going gotta get moving keep moving you
go let's get going
okay I'm started out with lots of energy
that's what I'm talking about guys keep
it up keep it up
you might not be the biggest guy but you
can groove that's how you fight for
possession good job you guys
okay keep it up power through it's that
last step okay push through your limits
you guys come on give me that
battlefront pancake yeah let me hear you
Warren
squats it doing squats yeah do those
squats yeah gonna work those legs you
got four you got to work do those squats
yeah yeah get me stronger good job good
job then things took a turn assume that
speed by the Chalmette speed ready set
go
didn't work out so great yeah okay
that's work these cones come on come on
work your way through we're doing
Susie's : telly
don't eat the cones le okay ready ready
okay all right I'm with me God don't
it's a slow push up guys we got it we
got it we got to pump up the energy here
we got I need some more guys we got some
work to do all right
team ruff and team fluff looked like
they might be in some trouble hey guys
we got to put the work into the workout
come on come on yours wandering around
guys we got it we got to use the the
toys skipper you're not even breaking a
sweat
okay I need more traps less yes it's
wolf
pinkie come on it's leg day that's your
favorite day you have four legs come on
let's keep going it was time to try
something new I gotta get ready for
Puppy Bowl 14 okay guys that means
fueling up on the good stuff
that's right see if our trainer can get
these puppy pros in shape from the next
episode of training camp sponsored by
pedigree watch Puppy Bowl 14 Sunday
February 4th to 3 only on Animal Planet